The cost center will be the cost center associated
with the requesting service.
In this example, 822 300 is laboratory.
At this point, you will pull up the vendor
that you want to order from.
Once that is set, then you will put in the line items
for the order, starting sequentially with one.
It will then prompt you to put in the item master file,
or IMF number.
Once you put in the IMF, you get the description
of the item.
If it matches what you were ordering,
you will accept and go forward with the order.
As a note, when asked if you would like to see
the procurement history, it is best to say yes.
This will give you opportunity to see when you have
previously purchased, and the quantities,
to get an idea of what you will need for the current order.
In this example, we say no.